Docs 7996 add kerberos example to HDFS (#746)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/hdfs/hdfs-connector-xml-maven.adoc

> = Hadoop (HDFS) - XML and Maven Support - Mule 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Hadoop (HDFS) Connector - XML and Maven Support - Mule 4
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> If you manually code a Mule app in XML either from the Anypoint Studio XML editor 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you manually code a Mule app in XML, either from the Anypoint Studio XML editor 
```

> or from a text editor, you can get access to the connector in your app by adding 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or from a text editor, configure access to the connector in your app by adding 
```

> reference statements to your XML Mule flow and in the Apache Maven POM file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reference statements both to your XML Mule flow and in the Apache Maven POM file.
```

[NOTE]
====
You can avoid this manual process by using Anypoint Studio. When 
you add the connector in Studio, Studio automatically populates 
the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location, and adds a 
dependency to the `pom.xml` file.
====

> == Add a Namespace for the Connector

Reviewer: This is referred to as "adding reference statements to your XML Mule flow" in the intro text.
Can we make the intro match the subtitles more closely?

Paste the following code inside the `mule` tag of the header 
of your configuration XML:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/hdfs 
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/hdfs/current/mule-hdfs.xsd
----

This example shows how the namespace statements are placed in the XML: 

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<mule xmlns:hdfs="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/hdfs" 
	xmlns="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core"
	xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation"
	xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
	xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core 
	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd
	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/hdfs 
	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/hdfs/current/mule-hdfs.xsd">
----

> == Add a POM File Dependency 

Reviewer: ditto re. matching intro wording more closely

> The `pom.xml` Apache Maven file generated by Anypoint Studio contains dependencies 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apache Maven`pom.xml` file generated by Anypoint Studio contains Mule-app connector access dependencies 
```

> for a Mule app. When you code a Mule app manually, include this XML snippet in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that you must manually include by using the following XML snippet in 
```

> your POM file to enable access to this connector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your POM file:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<dependency>
	<groupId>org.mule.connectors</groupId>
    <artifactId>mule-hdfs-connector</artifactId>
    <version>6.0.3</version>
    <classifier>mule-plugin</classifier>
</dependency>
----

Verify that the connector `version` corresponds to the one you are using. 

To obtain the most up-to-date `pom.xml` file information:

. Go to https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/[Anypoint Exchange].
. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.

> . In Exchange, search for `HDFS`.

Reviewer: HDFS or hdfs as search string? If either is OK, let's pick one and use it consistently throughout.

. Click *Dependency Snippets*.

== Next Step

> After completing your namespace and `pom.xml` file, you can try 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After manually adding your namespace and `pom.xml` file dependencies, you can try 
```
